Does this kid know what he's talking about?
The Shangguan family pretends to brag like this
I'm embarrassed for Miss Shangguan
Presumptuous Shangguan Linglong
I thought you were getting older
gradually mature
I didn't expect you to be so unreliable
But a migrant worker made a big statement on this occasion
Shangguan Linglong
Are you deliberately hitting our Shangguan family in the face?
I don't have it, but my dad was right.
This is the first time to come to the door.
They came empty-handed.
It's okay if you don't give gifts to the old gentleman
At least give some to the second uncle
The second uncle is his father-in-law
You don't even have that kind of sincerity?
I see
He didn't take our Shangguan family seriously at all
Humph rude stuff
We are ready
Yu Ruyi
Warm tentacles are good
But he is a migrant worker
Can you afford such a good jade as Shuitou?
This jade ruyi is enough to buy a building
Shangguan Linglong
Did you pay for it?
You are you he is him
This hasn't come in yet
Just stick your own fanny pack to an outsider
Look at what you've done
Shangguan Linglong
You have let us all down
Our Shangguan family is a big family
It's about attitude.
I want a gift from him.
You didn't buy it for him.
Why not?
Ye Feng and I were originally a family
My Shangguan family has never admitted this family.
It's alright
Linglong is also kind
If he has good intentions
Won't stimulate me on this day
Bring back a bottom-level Jianmin
Come to the door empty-handed
This is just to piss me off
Who said I didn't prepare a gift?